Update amd docs (#237)
confidential-containers/confidential-containers: quickstart.md

- Ensure a minimum of 8GB RAM and 4 vCPU for the Kubernetes cluster node
- Only containerd runtime based Kubernetes clusters are supported with the current CoCo release
- The minimum Kubernetes version should be 1.24

> - Ensure at least one Kubernetes node in the cluster has the labels `node-role.kubernetes.io/worker=` or `node.kubernetes.io/worker=`. This will assign the worker role to a node in your cluster, making it responsible for running your applications and services. 

Reviewer: Nit: remove the final dot (.)

`dnf install ansible-core`, and the Ansible `docker_container` module, which you can
get using `ansible-galaxy collection install community.docker`.

> > ****************************************** **Note** You can also use a Kind or Minikube cluster with containerd runtime to try out the CoCo stack

Reviewer 2: why so many ****'s?

Author: Sorry I had marked that line as a note to myself, will have that updated.

for development purposes.  Make sure to use the `kata-clh` runtime class for your workloads when using Kind or
Minikube, [as QEMU is known to **not** be working with Kind or Minikube](https://github.com/confidential-containers/operator/issues/124).
Also, with the `enclave-cc` runtime class, the cluster must be prepared so that `/opt/confidential-containers`
on the worker nodes is **not** on an overlayfs mount but the path is a `hostPath` mount (see

> [a sample configuration](https://github.com/confidential-containers/operator/blob/cf6a4f38114f7c5b71daec6cb666b1b40bcea140/tests/e2e/enclave-cc-kind-config.yaml#L6-L8)) *****************************************************

Reviewer 2: as above .. lots of *****s ?

Reviewer 3: +1

```
Output:
```
NAME            HANDLER         AGE
kata            kata-qemu       9m55s
kata-clh        kata-clh        9m55s
kata-clh-tdx    kata-clh-tdx    9m55s
kata-qemu       kata-qemu       9m55s
kata-qemu-tdx   kata-qemu-tdx   9m55s
kata-qemu-sev   kata-qemu-sev   9m55s

> kata-qemu-snp   kata-qemu-snp   9m55s

Reviewer 4: Looks like you should drop this change.

Output:
```
NAME            HANDLER         AGE

> kata            kata-qemu       9m55s

Reviewer 2: kata-qemu is already listed below

### Platform Setup

While the operator deploys all the required binaries and artifacts and sets up runtime classes that use them,
certain platforms may require additional configuration to enable confidential computing. For example, the host
kernel and firmware might need to be configured.

> See the [guides](./guides) for more information.

Reviewer 2: The existing text, "See the guides for more information." reads more clearly to me along with having the link to the directory.

> host kernel or firmware may need to be utilized. The guides section has further instructions on how to apply

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
host kernel or firmware may be required. The guides section has further instructions on how to apply
```

> ## Using CoCo

Reviewer 2: The existing text and heading level is clearer to me than the proposed change.

> The CoCo operator environment has been deployed and setup!

Reviewer 2: I think this belongs a couple lines up .. at the end of the install section before this section begins

Below is a brief summary and description of some of the CoCo use cases:

- **Container Launch with Only Memory Encryption (No Attestation)** - Launch a container with memory encryption 
- **Container Launch with Encrypted Image** - Launch an encrypted container by proving the workload is running 
  in a TEE in order to retrieve the decryption key
- **Container Launch with Image Signature Verification** - Launch a container and verify the authenticity and 
  integrity of an image by proving the workload is running in a TEE
- **Sealed secret** - Implement wrapped kubernetes secrets that are confidential to the workload owner and are
  automatically decrypted by proving the workload is running in a TEE

The CoCo use cases are implemented differently for each TEE, and they are described in each corresponding 
[guide](./guides) section. To get started using CoCo without TEE hardware, follow the Non-TEE guide below:

> - [Non-TEE](./guides/non-tee.md)

Reviewer 2: The way this PR split out the original quickstart material, non-tee.md looks like it contains TEE content.

- [SEV(-ES)](./guides/sev.md)
- [SNP](./guides/snp.md)
- TDX

> - SGX

Reviewer 2: Per above, I think this content ended up in non-tee.md
